README.md, before:

# Unofficial _Tribe 8 2nd Edition_ (Silhoutte CORE) System for Foundry VTT

_System written by **IHaveThatPower**_

This is a fan-created sytem for running games of Dream Pod 9's *Tribe 8 2nd Edition*, based on their Silhouette CORE system, in [Foundry VTT](https://foundryvtt.com).

It is written lean, with primary focus on informative, easy-to-use-in-play character sheets over automating gameplay itself.

## Installation

For now, just clone this repository to your Foundry `Data/systems` folder, with the folder name `tribe8`.

In the future, I may look at trying to get it registered with Foundry properly, but that's still a long way off.

### Font Installation

This system uses the font **Chainprinter Regular**, which is a close (identical?) match for the one used in the *Tribe 8 2nd Edition* handbook for headers. For licensing reasons, I do not include it in the repository. The system should work fine without it, but if you'd like to add that extra visual spice, readon.

1. Download the font from [FontsGeek](https://fontsgeek.com/fonts/Chainprinter-Regular) (with whom I am in no way affiliated, other than as an appreciative user).
2. Place the `.ttf` file in the `Data/systems/tribe8/assets` folder. This folder will not yet exist (unless I forgot to update this README after adding more stuff to it), so you will need to create it first.
3. Make sure the `.ttf` file can be _read and executed_ by users other than you (Linux users, that's `u=rwx,g=rx,o=rx`, or `0755`).
4. If your Foundry server is not already using SSL (i.e. your players are connecting with `http://` instad of `https://`), follow [the official Foundry guide](https://foundryvtt.com/article/ssl/) on creating a basic self-signed certificate and configuring Foundry to use it.

## Setup

Right now, there's not really much to setup. That will probably change in the future.

All characters are created with 30 attribute points and 50 additional character points. In the future, that will be configurable per-world, as well as adjustable (by the GM) per character.

At present, no stock Items (i.e. Skills, Perks, Flaws, Combat Maneuvers, Aspects, Weapons, etc.) are included. I plan to make packs for those in the future.

## Roadmap (Todo List)

This is a rough, ever-changing list that depicts in approximate priority order what's on the list of yet-to-be-implemented features.

### Short Term
- Tracking of number of Flesh and Deep Wounds
- Calculate and show Movement rate
- Create a mini Application for editing Attribute points, rather than having them be directly on the sheet, to save some space and de-crowd the already-crowded sheet.
- Equipment tab
- Combat tab
- Character artwork support
- See how nasty it'd be to correctly capitalize the document type names

### Longer Term
- Localize!
- Make starting CP a system setting for the GM, and then make the initial CP boxes something GM users can edit
- Some way to trade attribute points (i.e. PSY for other attributes)
- Sundering?
- Technosmithig?

Commit message:

Actor.getSkill(), private class methods, rearrange character sheet, updated class structure, codedoc, updated readme.
* Added a generic getSkill method to the Actor class, which can be
  invoked with a couple of different options to shape what it returns.
  * getCombatSkills was made private, and may be called by getSkill()
    if the combat option is supplied.
* Updated many class methods to be explicitly private, since calling
  them outside their intended scope could prove problematic.
* Rearranged the character sheet slightly, to accommodate planned
  additions.
* Reorganized some classes based on the method visibility change.
* Updated codedoc throughout, based on refining standards of what I want
  to make sure I include.
  * Really, just having way too much fun learning about configuring
    ESLint.
* Fixed an issue in the base Sheet class that caused a sheet to
  resize/reposition a on _any_ re-render, instead of just the first
  render, based on reading the user's flags for that sheet type.
* Fixed some typos in the readme.

README.md, after:

# Unofficial _Tribe 8 2nd Edition_ (Silhoutte CORE) System for Foundry VTT

_System written by **IHaveThatPower**_

This is a fan-created sytem for running games of Dream Pod 9's *Tribe 8 2nd Edition* (*T8.2e*), based on their Silhouette CORE system, in [Foundry VTT](https://foundryvtt.com).

It is written lean, with primary focus on informative, easy-to-use-in-play character sheets over automating gameplay itself.

## Installation

For now, just clone this repository to your Foundry `Data/systems` folder, with the folder name `tribe8`.

In the future, I may look at trying to get it registered with Foundry properly, but that's still a long way off.

### Font Installation

This system uses the font **Chainprinter Regular**, which is a close (identical?) match for the one used in the *T8.2e* handbook for headers. For licensing reasons, I do not include it in the repository. The system should work fine without it, but if you'd like to add that extra visual spice, read on.

1. Download the font from [FontsGeek](https://fontsgeek.com/fonts/Chainprinter-Regular) (with whom I am in no way affiliated, other than as an appreciative user).
2. Place the `.ttf` file in the `Data/systems/tribe8/assets` folder. This folder will not yet exist (unless I forgot to update this README after adding more stuff to it), so you will need to create it first.

#### Additional Steps

The following additional stays _may_ be necessary, or you may be entirely fine without them.

* Make sure the `.ttf` file can be _read and executed_ by users other than you (Linux users, that's `u=rwx,g=rx,o=rx`, or `0755`).
* If your Foundry server is not already using SSL (i.e. your players are connecting with `http://` instead of `https://`), follow [the official Foundry guide](https://foundryvtt.com/article/ssl/) on creating a basic self-signed certificate and configuring Foundry to use it.

## Setup

Right now, there's not really much to setup. That will probably change in the future.

All characters are created with 30 attribute points and 50 additional character points, the default for *T8.2e*. In the future, that will be configurable per world, as well as adjustable (by the GM) per character.

At present, no stock Items (i.e. Skills, Perks, Flaws, Combat Maneuvers, Aspects, Weapons, etc.) are included. I plan to make packs for those in the future.

## Roadmap (Todo List)

This is a rough, ever-changing list that depicts in approximate priority order what's on the list of yet-to-be-implemented features.

### Short Term
- Tracking of number of Flesh and Deep Wounds
- Calculate and show Movement rate
- Create a mini Application for editing Attribute points, rather than having them be directly on the sheet, to save some space and de-crowd the already-crowded sheet.
- Equipment tab
- Combat tab
- Character artwork support
- See how nasty it'd be to correctly capitalize the document type names

### Longer Term
- Localize!
- Make starting CP a system setting for the GM, and then make the initial CP boxes something GM users can edit
- Some way to trade attribute points (i.e. PSY for other attributes)
- Sundering?
- Technosmithig?
- Item Compendium packs
